Updated Go live checklist topic in Cloud Guide (#6083)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/live/go-live-checklist.md

  - Testing
---

> Before you deploy to the Production environment, download the [Go live checklist]({{ site.baseurl }}/common/pdf/magento-commerce-cloud-prelaunch-checklist.pdf) and use it with these instructions to confirm that you have completed all required configuration and testing. See an overview of the complete deployment process for Starter and Pro at [Deploy your store]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/live/stage-prod-live.html).

Author: ```suggestion
Before you deploy to the Production environment, download the [Go live checklist]({{ site.baseurl }}/common/pdf/magento-commerce-cloud-prelaunch-checklist.pdf), and use it with these instructions to confirm that you have completed all required configuration and testing. See an overview of the complete deployment process for Starter and Pro at [Deploy your store]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/live/stage-prod-live.html).
```

You need to complete configurations for your DNS including:

-  Set all necessary redirects, especially if you are migrating from an existing site

> -  Set the zone’s root resource record to address the hostname

Author: ```suggestion
-  Set the zone root resource record to the hostname address
```

> -  Lower the value for the Time-to-Live (TTL) to refresh DNS information to correctly point customers faster to the Production store

Author: ```suggestion
-  Lower the value for the Time-to-Live (TTL) setting to refresh DNS information to correctly point customers faster to the Production store
```

The following are recommended changes and checks:

-  [Completed Outgoing email testing]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/project/sendgrid.html)
-  [Secure configuration for Admin credentials and Base Admin URL](http://docs.magento.com/m2/ee/user_guide/stores/security-admin.html)
-  [Optimize all images for the web]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/fastly-image-optimization.html)
-  [Check minification settings for HTML, Javascript, and CSS]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/deploy/static-content-deployment.html)

## Verify Fastly caching {#verifyfastly}

> -  Test and verify Fastly caching is correctly working in Production. For detailed tests and checks, see [Fastly testing]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/live/stage-prod-test.html#fastly).

Author: ```suggestion
-  Test and verify that Fastly caching is working correctly on the Production site. For detailed tests and checks, see [Fastly testing]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/live/stage-prod-test.html#fastly).
```

> -  [Ensure that you the latest version of the Fastly CDN Module for Magento 2 is installed in your Production environment](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upgrade)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  [Ensure that the latest version of the Fastly CDN Module for Magento 2 is installed in your Production environment](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upgrade)
```

> -  [Ensure that you the latest version of the Fastly CDN Module for Magento 2 is installed in your Production environment](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upgrade)

Author: ```suggestion
-  [Ensure that you the latest version of the Fastly CDN Module for Magento 2 is installed in your Production environment]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upgrade)
```

> -  [Ensure that you have uploaded the most current version of the Fastly VCL code]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upload-vcl-snippets)

Author: ```suggestion
-  [Ensure that the most current version of the Fastly VCL code has been uploaded]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upload-vcl-snippets)
```

> -  [Ensure that you have uploaded the most current version of the Fastly VCL code](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upload-vcl-snippets)

Author: ```suggestion
-  [Ensure that you have uploaded the most current version of the Fastly VCL code]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upload-vcl-snippets)
```

-  [Jmeter](http://jmeter.apache.org/): Excellent load testing to help gauge performance for spiked traffic, like for flash sales. Create custom tests to run against your site.
-  [New Relic](https://support.newrelic.com/) (provided): Helps locate processes and areas of the site causing slow performance with tracked time spent per action like transmitting data, queries, Redis, and so on.
-  [Blackfire]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-integrate-blackfire.html) (provided): Helps track through the issues New Relic finds and helps you dig deeper into the issue for specifics. Blackfire profiles the environment and helps locate bottlenecks in depth: process, method call, query, load, and so on.
-  [WebPageTest](https://www.webpagetest.org/) and [Pingdom](https://www.pingdom.com/): Real-time analysis of your site pages load time with different origin locations. Pingdom may cost a fee. WebPageTest is a free tool.

## Security configuration

> 

Reviewer: Change hardcoded links to devdocs topics so that they use the `page.baseurl` variable

> -  [Setup your Magento Security Scan]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/live/live.html#security-scan)

Author: ```suggestion
-  [Set up your Magento Security Scan]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/live/live.html#security-scan)
```

> -  [Setup your Magento Security Scan](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/live/live.html#security-scan)

Author: ```suggestion
-  [Setup your Magento Security Scan](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/live/live.html#security-scan)
```
```suggestion
-  [Set up your Magento Security Scan](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/live/live.html#security-scan)
```

> -  [Setup your Magento Security Scan](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/live/live.html#security-scan)

Reviewer: The text in the topic target says "Set up your..."

Reviewer: The text in the link to the two merchdoc topics below don't agree with the actual title. Verify that this is intended.

Author: Intended to have contextual text in the link instead of exact topic title.

> -  [Setup your Magento Security Scan](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/live/live.html#security-scan)

Author: ```suggestion
-  [Setup your Magento Security Scan]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/live/live.html#security-scan)
```

-  [Secure configuration for Admin user](http://docs.magento.com/m2/ee/user_guide/stores/security-admin.html)
-  [Secure configuration for Base Admin URL](https://docs.magento.com/m2/ee/user_guide/stores/store-urls-custom-admin.html)
-  [Remove any users no longer on the {{ site.data.var.ece}} project]({{ page.baseurl}}/cloud/project/user-admin.html)

> -  [Configure two-factor authentication](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/security/two-factor-authentication.html)

Author: ```suggestion
-  [Configure two-factor authentication]({{ page.baseurl }}/security/two-factor-authentication.html)
```
